Storage adapter (#126)
ueberauth/guardian_db: README.md

In other words, once you have reached a point where you think you need
`Guardian.DB`, it may be time to take a step back and reconsider your whole
approach to authentication!

### Guardian.DB Redis repo

To improve situation described in "Disadvantages" section you can use Redis repo instead of Postgres repo.
In order to do it you need add following configuration:

Add to your mix.exs file new [`guardian_redis`](https://github.com/alexfilatov/guardian_redis) dependency:

```elixir
defp deps do
  [
    {:guardian_redis, "~> 0.1"}
  ]
end
```

Configure Redis repo in Guardian.DB configuration:

```elixir
config :guardian, Guardian.DB,
  repo: GuardianRedis.Repo
```

> Apart from this you will need to configure [Redis connection for `guardian_redis`](https://github.com/alexfilatov/guardian_redis#configuration) 

Reviewer: Let's add a section after `### Create your own Repo` called something like `### Adapters` where people could add their adapters for discoverability.

If they want to understand the benefits, they should read those repos intead

Author: added `### Adapters`, please let me know if this is ok @yordis

### Create your own Repo

We created `Guardian.DB.Adapter` behaviour to allow creating other repositories for persisting JWT tokens. 

> You need to implement only 5 methods to make Guardian.DB working with your preferred storage.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to implement the `Guardian.DB.Adapter` behavior working with your preferred storage.     
```

Just in case, it becomes 4 or 7, also faster to find the behavior definition.
